
Linux Caldera 3.1:
    crashes after clipping the last line and trying to right cursor
    past the end (while scrolled left, with no line below)

Catch window close signal

Indent after : as well as {
    
Hangs on IRIX when ctrl+c hit in macro menu

Have install script remove old programs like xape

Check for termination signal from xterm, rxvt, etc.

Error window if cannot save!

Filename completion

Put highlighted area in search string

Fix console mouse problem

Add option to email support or connect to WEB site

Automatically close file if opened by next_error()

Add cursor position info to macros

Syntax highlight:
    Tag only first line of a multiline token?
    (Then search backward for it to redraw)
    
Find files in subdirectories when error message doesn't give full path.

Rebuild if language option compile flags changed.

Fix build script to avoid reinstalling.

Top priority: REGEX search and replace.

Make tmouse work with Xlib instead of using vt mouse, which
    doesn't work with all X terminal emulators, and has no motion
    reporting

View header: Load in read-only mode

Opening a file that is already open:
    Just toggle to it

Allow two ID strings for scripts
    e.g. /usr/bin/ksh and /bin/ksh

Option to trim trailing space on save

Prompt to spell check before closing doc files.

Allow macros to surround highlighted text
    e.g. {\bf --- }

Add grab and release capability for scroll bars.

Add "don't display" mask for open-files.

Add version number to .aperc

From paulf@quillandmouse.com  Sat Oct 10 16:32:37 1998

1) Will APE, out of the box, recall what files you were editing and
where you were in them if you start it up again?

2) Can the keyboard be configured with different keys for major
functions-- in other words, if I want to change the keys bound to block
copy, delete and paste, for instance, can I do that?

Thanks

Paul M. Foster

Later...
--------
Auto-sense XWindow environment and use dbXtra and netscape

Menu of tags to place around marked area.

Make build menu adjust according to language options, e.g. don't

    display translate to assembly option for scripts, etc.

Have F1 put string in static buffer.

Search and replace: allow user to enter replacement string

Unlimited undo - save each position and edit command to file

Emacs-style macros

Auto-detect mice

Add \ex tag to represent executable name in custom items

Custom menu items should be language specific or global

Smarter mouse driver to avoid problems if mouse is misconfigured.

If first extension is changed in language options, rename the corresponding
macros directory.

Options:
    Put everything under $home/.Ape

Docs:
    run nroff2html on the fly for all man pages

Debug:
    Add -g and -DDEBUG to compile commands if set in debug options menu
    Add compile-time and run-time debug options to language options
    Also interface with easymake

Get COPTS from makefile when loading project

Interface easymake with APE
    Pick up compiler options from .aperc
    Generate makefile or Imakefile

Save project option
    Include everything in set makefile panel

Smart filespec generator for open file.
    Look for common patterns, not including .o
    
Macros:
    Strip leading spaces from new macros so they auto-indent properly.
    Tags to be used in macros:
	Tag                 Insert
	----------------------------------------------------------
	\date               Today's date and time
	\user               User's full name
	\system(command)    Output of command (check ownership for security)

Emacs-style keystroke macros
    Create:     ^X ( macro ^X )
    Execute:    ^X E

Ability to make a function from a marked area
    Macro?

View header and search header should check ~/C/Include and
    search libs should check ~/C/Lib

Create SCCS/RCS interface.  Automatically look for SCCS files first,
and use "get"-"ape"-"delta" in sequence.

Export function to library automatically
    1. Dump source in ~/C/Lib/(user choice)
    2. Run cproto
    3. Regenerate makefile
    4. build

Error box instead of Swin
    Options for:
	next error
	previous error
	close error window (to return to editing)
    Temp file->text with fewer lines, or permanent alternate file->text

Block column editing

Allow entering hex characters
    Hex mode

Loadable key bindings?

F1 for help in screen_input()
    Simple message: Press F1 for help.
    Popup window with keys

URL editing: BIG possibilities - watch for security holes
    ape ftp://ftp.uwm.edu/.login
    Get on open, cache, and put on close.
    Use interactive ftp login, then invoke ftp script
    or... have ape get login and password. bad idea. security hole.

Have resize force window to at least 24x80 if user attempts to
resize too small.
    Set minsize for xterm?
    getenv("WINDOWID")
    X calls to resize window
    
Update currently loaded files when new build options are
created for a given extension.

Repeat functions:
    Repeat key strokes between last two cursor moves.
    Repeat last command key
    Repeat last text insert
    
Repeat command:
    Esc-#

Auto-save to temp file

Detect core dumps & save to /tmp.

Create sed interface for non-interactive changes

Approximate search capability.

